hey guys another recent fashion and
lifestyle experiment talk to you about
how to wear the peplum style that we've
been seeing a lot of dresses at bun down
this way and skirts I want to show you
how you can kind of put the little
together really easily without having to
go out and buy the style so you have to
spend a lot of money if you have a
little top that's kind of following the
easiest way is to go i took this really
simple top it has a nice pretty purple
and teal black pattern on it it's long
sleeve actually wraps it's open there's
no buttons or anything but what I do is
I crisscross it i'm going to show you
first how easily i see what i have
underneath is just a simple little tank
it's a purpley color tank so it ties in
the propylene this one it won't jacket
and then a black skirt that's a little
bit high waisted in it is a bandage
style skirt which helps they look a lot
because it is tinted you want to make
sure that the bottom skirt part dress or
skirt part is more fit into the body
that's what's going to really show off
the peplum style that work now the
couple style is very flattering to waste
lines because it's usually cinched at
the small as part of your waist so it's
going to really draw the attention there
and then go out on the bottom if you are
bigger on the bottom if you have bigger
hips or a bigger back side it's a harder
style to wear so I'd be a little be
careful although we have seen beyoncé
wearing it in her body shape is a little
bit thicker on the bottom but if you do
it the right way and you make sure
everywhere else it's fitted you know
what you're going to do is you're going
to take a little top of this and you'll
see how flowy it really is it's very big
and flowy and we're going to crisscross
over and run across the other side over
like that and then I just took a really
stretchy belt like this it's a little
silver studded belt and i am just
cinching it right at the waist so you'll
see it's at the smallest part of the
waste that i was pinching it and then
because the top is so flowy if I pull it
out a little bit over the top of these
creates the peasant style
because it has a little bit of ruffle
and it is a little bit longer it works
now you can do a shorter one if the top
is shorter and you sent it here you're
just going to have a small a little bit
of the bottom of the top sticking out
and that works well too I wouldn't say
go anything more than this you want to
still be able to see the tight fitted
skirt on the bottom so you get the file
but you could do it a little bit sure
that you want to do for that peplum
which would stick out and actually be
careful because it makes the back when
right here it would be a little bit more
attention to the back of you so just be
careful with that stuff there's follow
me on Twitter I've been posting these
outfits every day and I actually have
been on a new site called pose POF
ecomme where I actually list what I'm
wearing in the whole look so if you want
a more detailed description of the
jewelry and shoes and everything I have
on go on there and find me where you can
find you through there on Twitter and
you'll get a better idea of all the
stuff I'm wearing or you could also find
out my blog my intimate nervous after
guys have any questions leave them below
I love answering them it has taken me a
little bit longer to get back at about
the holidays ironing have made it really
crazy but I will promise i will be
getting back to everybody and trying to
answer all the questions that you have
I'll see you guys being happy a great
day
hmm